Q: So you mean, this is free?!?
A: Yes, SPINE is free software. It's released under the GPL. 
This mean that you can use and change the source code for any purpose you desire.
The only restriction is that if you distribute the software (or your modified version 
of the software), you must do so under the GPL. In a nutshell, you must make the source 
code available to whoever you distribute the software and you cannot restrict that 
person from also redistributing the results. See COPYING and COPYRIGHT for more information
on the GPL.

Q: Can I run multiple sites with this?
A: Yes, you can run several sites with this engine. You can use one database or use 
a database per site. You can define subsites, subdomains, define a default database, 
password or user. See INSTALL on how to add different sections.

Q: Where are all the files? Don't I need config files and stuff?
A: All of the data is now stored in either the database or directly in apache's httpd.conf.
You don't need any external files. This has the advantage that shell call exploits are not 
possible. It's also a lot easier to maintain several sites. The downside is that a quick hack 
by editing the files directly is no longer possible. You can however edit the entries in the 
database if you have SQL skills.

Q: So where do I put the other files?
A: You mean the .pm files? You put the both the SPINE/* and the Apache/* files in the shared perl modules directory.
You can easily install the perl modules with:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make
  
and as root (superuser)

  make install
  
This will make sure the files get copied into the right directories (plus, it generates man pages too ;) )
  
Q: I only see .html files on my site. Is this normal?
A: SPINE now works extremly transparently. You can generate any type of content without 
actually having that content. You can even make the visitor think he's visiting an ASP, 
JSP or PHP based site.

Q: So there is no way of knowing if a website is using SPINE.
A: Well, there is a server signature in the generated error message, but that can be removed as well.

Q: Hey. Between releases, you changed the database table structure.
A: Didn't you see this is all still under development? It's quite stable but some features
haven't been implemented yet so they will be fixed in next releases. Upgrading to a next 
version will probably break your current setup. 

Q: I'd like to have one of those editor components in my administration section.
A: There are no plans in included that functionality in the core. There are plans of 
providing this feature as a patch. One of the reasons for this is that editor components
abuse certain browser features and are not really cross-browser compatible. You will probably
have to choose between a patch for Mozilla and one for Internet Explorer.

Q: I know this runs on Apache. What about IIS?
A: SPINE is written for mod_perl, a modular version of perl that attaches itself to the
Apache core and allows slick interaction between Apache processes and perl code. IIS currently
doesn't support mod_perl. When it does, I might perform some tests. I realize the CGI version 
did (probably) work on a Windows platform but we just had to make certain sacrifices.

Q: Can I program my own components or even have extras in the administration?
A: SPINE has a really flexible and modular design. It's quite easy to write your own handlers.
Check the Developers Notes for more information on both tag and administration handlers.

Q: Your SQL file does not work with *SOME RDBMS*. Are there any plans in supporting *THAT RDBMS*?
A: I'm always open for suggestions. I realize that using a different DBD will require adjusting both 
the stub data as some of the code. If you would like to share some of your knowledge on specific 
issues regarding this problem, don't hesitate to contact me.

Q: You hardly have any documentation.
A: Yes, this is one of the vices of probably most programmers. They don't document.
Bother me enough about it and I might just write some documentation.